Add organization direct collaborators check (#47)
ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum: arboretum/permissions/README.md

        * `url`
           * Required
           * String in the form of `"https://github.com/my-org"` or `"https://github.<company>.com/my-org"`.
           * Use to define the organization url to check.
        * `exceptions`
           * Optional
           * List of dictionaries each containing exceptions to be ignored by the check.
             * `user`
                * Required
                * String in the form of `"<userid>"`.
                * Use to define the user to be treated as an exception.
             * `repos`
                * Optional
                * List of strings in the form of `["my-repo", "my-other-repo"]`.
                * Defaults to all repositories in the organization.
                * Use to define the repos where the exception applies.

* Evidence depended upon:
    * The organization direct collaborators evidence for each organization/repositories specified in the fetcher's configuration
if `direct` is included as a collaborators type in the configuration:
      * Evidence file in the form of `raw/permissions/<service>_direct_collaborators_<org_url_hash>.json`

* Import statement:

>   `from arboretum.permissions.checks.test_org_direct_collaborators import OrgCollaboratorsCheck`

Reviewer: Please follow the checks doc pattern found [here](https://github.com/ComplianceAsCode/auditree-arboretum/tree/main/arboretum/auditree#evidence-locker-repository-integrity).  Add punctuation to your sentences, order your bullets as is done in the `auditree` README and apply formatting here that is used there (for example your import statement should be in a python code block rather than just highlighted text).  Try to use similar tone and replicate common wording as much as possible.

## Checks

### Organization Integrity (Repository Collaborators)

* Class: [OrgCollaboratorsCheck][org-collaborators-check]
* Purpose: Ensure that `direct` collaborators do not exist in the organization repositories.
* Behavior: Collaborators are checked for every repository.
A failure is generated when direct collaborators are found in a repository. This check can be optionally
configured to accept exceptions, a warning instead of a failure is generated for those exceptions when
direct collaborators matching the exceptions are found.
* Evidence depended upon:

>     * Recent `direct` collaborators found in organization repositories.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "Recent"?

Author: Agreed that the word `Recent` can be removed. I will fix.

      * `raw/permissions/<gh|gl|bb>_direct_collaborators_<org_url_hash>.json`
      * NOTE: Only gh (Github) is currently supported by this check. Gitlab and Bitbucket support coming soon...
* Configuration elements:
  * `org.permissions.org_integrity.orgs`
     * Required
     * List of dictionaries:
        * `url`
           * Required
           * Organization URL (string).
        * `exceptions`
           * Optional
           * List of dictionaries:
             * `user`
                * Required
                * Github, Gitlab or Bitbucket user id (string). 
                * Use to define the user to be treated as an exception.

> 		* NOTE: Only Github is currently supported by this check. Gitlab and Bitbucket support coming soon...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		 * NOTE: Only Github is currently supported by this check. Gitlab and Bitbucket support coming soon...
```

             * `repos`
                * Optional
                * List of strings in the form of `["repo_a", "repo_b"]`.
                * Defaults to all repositories in the organization.

>                 * Use to define the repos where the exception applies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                * Use to limit the user exception to specific repositories in the organization.
```
